move progress and EwoksExecutor to OWEwoksBaseWidget which is no longer abstract (#454)
ewoks-kit/ewoksorange: doc/explanations/execution.rst

        Note over SM: 100ms timer (re-armed), next node's turn

The diagram shows the default case, where the task runs on a background
thread. The other backends only change who runs the task:

``concurrency="sync"``
    Every step runs on the GUI thread, inside the ``submit_task()`` call, so
    ``handleNewSignals()`` only returns once the outputs have been propagated.
``concurrency="process"``
    A worker process runs the task. Its lifecycle events and progress travel

>     back over ``multiprocessing`` proxies, relayed onto the GUI thread by

Reviewer: A details but we could imagine using it without the GUI. So maybe the following is more accurate

```suggestion
    Every step runs on the Qt main thread, inside the ``submit_task()`` call, so
    ``handleNewSignals()`` only returns once the outputs have been propagated.
``concurrency="process"``
    A worker process runs the task. Its lifecycle events and progress travel
    back over ``multiprocessing`` proxies, relayed onto the Qt main thread by
```
